<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>

<!--
The Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary - Volume 49, No. 5, May 1895 by Various



This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no
restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under
the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or
online at http://www.gutenberg.org/license



Title: The American Missionary - Volume 49, No. 5, May 1895

Author: Various

Release Date: November 23, 2006 [Ebook #19903]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8
-->

<!DOCTYPE TEI.2 SYSTEM "http://www.gutenberg.org/tei/marcello/0.4/dtd/pgtei.dtd">

<TEI.2 lang="en">
<teiHeader>
 <fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
 <title>The American Missionary - Volume 49, No. 5, May 1895</title>
 <author>Various</author>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt>
  <edition n="1">Edition 1</edition>
 </editionStmt>
 <publicationStmt>
 <publisher>Project Gutenberg</publisher>
 <date value="2006-11-23">November 23, 2006</date>
 <idno type="etext-no">19903</idno>
 <availability>
 <p>This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and
 with almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it
 away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg
 License online at www.gutenberg.org/license</p>
 </availability>
 </publicationStmt>

 <sourceDesc>
  <bibl>
  <title>The American Missionary - Volume 49, No. 5, May 1895</title>
  <author>Various</author>
  <imprint>
   <pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
   <publisher>The American Missionary Association</publisher>
   <date>1895</date>
  </imprint>
  </bibl>
 </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>

 <encodingDesc>
 <classDecl>
  <taxonomy id="lc">
  <bibl>
   <title>Library of Congress Classification</title>
  </bibl>
  </taxonomy>
 </classDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <profileDesc>
 <langUsage>
  <language id="en">English</language>
 </langUsage>
 <textClass>
  <classCode scheme="lc">
  *** <!-- LoC Class (PR, PQ, ...) -->
  </classCode>
  <keywords>
  <list>
   <!-- <item></item> any keywords for PG search engine -->
  </list>
  </keywords>
 </textClass>
 </profileDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
 <change>
  <date value="2006-11-23">November 23, 2006</date>
  <respStmt>
  <name>Joshua Hutchinson<lb /></name>
  <name>Online Distributed Proofreading Team</name>
  <name>This file was produced from images generously made available by Cornell University Digital Collections</name>
  </respStmt>
  <item>Project Gutenberg Edition</item>
 </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

<pgExtensions>
  <pgStyleSheet>
    figure           { text-align: center; page-float: 'htbp' }
    .floatleft       { float: left;  margin-right: 2em }
    .floatright      { float: right; margin-left:  2em }
    .w90             { }
    .w50             { }
    .w20             { }
    .w05             { }
    @media pdf {
      .w90             { width: 90% }
      .w50             { width: 50% }
      .w20             { width: 20% }
      .w05             { width: 5% }
    }
  </pgStyleSheet>
</pgExtensions>

<text>
<front>
<div>
<divGen type="pgheader" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="151" /><anchor id="Pg151" />
<divGen type="titlepage" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<head>Contents</head>
<divGen type="toc" />
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: always">
<p>NEW YORK:</p>

<p>PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION,<lb />
Bible House, Ninth St. and Fourth Ave., New York.</p>

<p>Price, 50 Cents a Year in advance.</p>

<p>Entered at the Post Office at New York N. Y., as second-class mail matter.</p>
</div>
</front>

<body>
<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="152" /><anchor id="Pg152" />
<head>American Missionary Association.</head>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">President, Merrill E. Gates, LL.D., Mass.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Vice-presidents.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. A. Noble</hi>, D.D., Ill.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry Hopkins</hi>, D.D., Mo.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Alex. McKenzie</hi>, D.D., Mass.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Henry A. Stimson</hi>, D.D., N. Y.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Washington Gladden</hi>, D.D., Ohio.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Corresponding Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi>
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. A. F. Beard</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi>,
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. F. P. Woodbury, D.D.</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Assistant Corresponding Secretary.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. C. J. Ryder</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Recording Secretary.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. M. E. Strieby</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Treasurer.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">H. W. Hubbard</hi>, Esq., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Auditors.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Peter McCarter.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James Mitchell.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Executive Committee.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>, Chairman.<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>, Secretary.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Three Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William Hayes Ward</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">James W. Cooper</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Lucien C. Warner</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Joseph H. Twichell</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles P. Pierce</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For Two Years.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles A. Hull</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Addison P. Foster</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Albert J. Lyman</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Nehemiah Boynton</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A. J. F. Behrends</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">For One Year.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel Holmes</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Samuel S. Marples</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles L. Mead</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William H. Strong</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Elijah Horr</hi>.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">District Secretaries.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Geo. H. Gutterson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">21 Cong'l House, Boston, Mass.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Jos. E. Roy</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">153 La Salle Street, Chicago, Ill.</hi><lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. W.E.C. Wright</hi>, D.D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">Cong'l Rooms, Y.M.C.A Building, Cleveland, Ohio.</hi></p>

<p><hi rend="font-style: italic">Secretary of Woman's Bureau.</hi></p>

<p rend="text-indent: 0"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss D. E. Emerson</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Bible House, N. Y.</hi></p>

<div>
<head>COMMUNICATIONS</head>

<p>Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding
Secretaries; letters for "<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The American Missionary</hi>," to the Editor, at the New
York Office; letters relating to the finances, to the Treasurer; letters relating to
woman's work, to the Secretary of the Woman's Bureau.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS</head>

<p>In drafts, checks, registered letters, or post-office orders, may be sent to H. W.
Hubbard, Treasurer, Bible House, New York; or, when more convenient, to either
of the Branch Offices, 21 Congregational House, Boston, Mass., or 153 La Salle
Street, Chicago, Ill. A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member.</p>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Notice To Subscribers.</hi>--The date on the "address label" indicates the time
to which the subscription is paid. Changes are made in date on label to the 10th
of each month. If payment of subscription be made afterward the change on the
label will appear a month later. Please send early notice of change in post-office
address, giving the former address and the new address, in order that our periodicals
and occasional papers may be correctly mailed.</p>
</div>

<div>
<head>FORM OF A BEQUEST.</head>

<p>"I give and bequeath the sum of ---- dollars to the 'American Missionary
Association,' incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York."
The will should be attested by three witnesses.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<pb n="153" /><anchor id="Pg153" />
<index index="toc" level1="Editorial" />
<index index="pdf" level1="Editorial" />
<head>The American Missionary</head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Vol. XLIX.</hi><lb />
JUNE, 1895.<lb />
No. 5.</p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>FINANCES.</head>

<p>The outlook is not bright. The receipts for March from both donations
and estates have fallen off so that in spite of retrenchments the
total indebtedness is somewhat increased. We have now reached the
close of the first six months of the fiscal year, and, with a decrease of
$11,246.73 in all items of expenditure, the debt is $79,696.61. In the
last (April) number of <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The Missionary</hi> it was shown that there had
been during the previous three months a small but actual reduction of
the debt. The present showing brings the figures back to what they
were substantially in January last.</p>

<p>We hope this falling off is but temporary. We know the pressure of
the times and the difficulty of obtaining money. We are fully aware,
too, that many of our friends make their contributions with self-denial,
but, standing as we do, with the responsibility for the great work
entrusted to this Association, and knowing how vital it is to the welfare
and uplifting of the impoverished and ignorant races of our land, we
feel constrained to press the call still farther upon both rich and poor
for the means to continue the assistance to these needy peoples.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>LET IT BE REMEMBERED:</head>

<p>1. That the American Missionary Association was the first to enter
the work of educating and uplifting the Freedmen of the South, and
the first to introduce industrial training into the schools.</p>

<p>2. That it has done the largest work in that field, having spent more
money and educated more pupils than any other society.</p>

<p>3. That it has extended its work among the mountaineers of the
South, the Indians of the West, the Chinese on the Pacific Coast and
the Eskimos in Alaska--its field extending thus from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, and from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Circle.</p>

<pb n="154" /><anchor id="Pg154" />

<p>4. That it has been chosen by National Councils, State Associations,
and local organizations to do the work in these fields and among these
peoples for the Congregational churches of the United States.</p>

<p>5. That its expanding and important work is restricted by the want
of adequate funds, and that while Congregationalists--churches and
individuals--have the undoubted right to exercise their own choice in
aiding institutions in these particular fields, outside of the work of the
Association, yet they ought to bear in mind their responsibility to
sustain the Association in the work which they assign to it.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>CHURCH WORK IN THE SOUTH.</head>

<p>We invite the attention of our readers to the illustrated article "In
North Carolina." This sketch covers but a limited portion of our great
work, but it shows the relations it bears to its surroundings in the public
life of the South. Our churches in this district are prosperous, and we
are gratified to say that the promise of church extension over our wider
districts is very encouraging. Eight new churches will be added to our
list immediately among the colored people, and others still are expected
soon to be added. In the mountain work, also, five new churches will
be added to our enrollment.</p>

<milestone unit="tb" />

<p>The next number of <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">The American Missionary</hi> will contain an extended
article, with illustrations, on our mountain work, hence nothing
appears in this number regarding this field.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>FRIGHT AT A CAMERA.</head>

<p>Our readers will find in the account given on another page, of street
preaching in Chinatown, the statement that a large crowd was gathered
in the street, but when the picture is examined the crowd seems very
small. Loo Quong gives this account of the matter: "A big crowd
was gathered to us soon after we sang some hymns, but as soon as the
photographer on sight they all ran away. Chinese do not want
their pictures to be taken on the street. They all ran to the other side
of the street and I told the man to take them there, but they all ran
away, too. Still some of them are taken."</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" level1="Revival Services in the Mountains." />
<index index="pdf" level1="Revival Services in the Mountains." />
<head></head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Revival Services in the Mountains.</hi>--Revival movements have
been very general in our mountain churches and missions this year and
many hundreds have been hopefully converted.</p>

<p>"Seven persons made application for membership in our church last<pb n="155" /><anchor id="Pg155" />
Sabbath. They are all converted people. If they are received it will
make a membership of thirty-three, including Mrs. Doane and myself.
I have been holding revival services at a school-house where they have
slabs for benches without backs to them. Part of a log was taken out
to make a window. People come seven and eight miles to the services.
They seem anxious to hear the Gospel preached. They do not seem
to care for mud or rain. I hope this will find the American Missionary
Association getting out of debt. My people are ready and anxious to
contribute to the support of the church. They have sold eggs and
saved money, and it is often slow work."</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" level1="A Passage at Arms." />
<index index="pdf" level1="A Passage at Arms." />
<head></head>

<p><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">A Passage at Arms.</hi>--White children whose parents are laboring in
colored schools are sometimes taunted by the unkind remarks of ill-mannered
youth with whom they come in contact. For example, the
little daughter of one of our teachers was told, "Your papa teaches
niggers." The reply came quick as a flash: "Well, your papa sells
them whiskey, and that is worse." Another threatened to beat her at
recess. She promptly said: "You can't do it. My grandpa beat yours
in the war."</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>A SUBSCRIPTION LIST.</head>

<p>BY A GEORGIA TEACHER.</p>

<p>I inclose something I thought might interest you. The idea of circulating
the paper originated with the girls and the money was nearly
all raised without our knowledge. We added enough to buy a serviceable
pair of shoes. The poor girl to whom they were given was almost
barefooted and stayed at home Saturday afternoon when the others
went for their walk. The thoughtfulness and generosity of the girls
touched us, for what they gave was to most of them a real sacrifice.</p>

<p rend="text-align: center">THE APPEAL OF THE GIRLS.</p>

<p>"While sitting in church to-day my heart was made to feel sad as I
sat by one of the girls. I noticed that she was almost barefooted and
has been for quite a while. Miss C. and I, feeling ourselves unable to
purchase a pair of shoes, concluded we would ask all who will help us
to please assist us, not for our sake, but for the Lord's sake.</p>

<p>"Miss E. H., 5 cts., pd.; Miss C. D., 15 cts., pd.; Miss C. M., 1
ct., pd.; Miss A. G., 5 cts., pd.; Miss M. G., 10 cts.; Miss H.
G., 5 cts., pd.; Miss R. W., 5 cts., pd.; Miss M. D. G., 5 cts., pd.;
Miss L. B., 5 cts., pd.; Miss A. S., 5 cts., pd.; Miss L. B., 5 cts., pd.;
Miss S. L.; 5 cts., pd.; Miss G., 15 cts."</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<pb n="156" /><anchor id="Pg156" />
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The South.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>IN NORTH CAROLINA.</head>

<p>BY SECRETARY WOODBURY.</p>

<p>The Carolinas comprise a territory of eighty-two thousand square
miles, a little more than the combined territory of New York and all
New England, excepting Maine. North Carolina has a population of
about a million white and half a million colored people; while of the
million inhabitants of South Carolina a large majority are colored. In
the two States there are a million and a quarter of colored people.</p>

<figure url="images/image01.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>MOUNTAIN VIEW, BLOWING ROCK, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: MOUNTAIN VIEW, BLOWING ROCK, N. C.</figDesc></figure>

<p>The length of North Carolina, east and west, is considerably greater
than the distance between Boston and Washington. The western part
of the State is mountainous. From its heights the state slopes into the
vast Piedmont Plateau, a sub-mountain terrace, and thence into the
low country or the Atlantic plain. In western North Carolina the
Appalachian Mountains reach the greatest height in the United States
eastward of the Rocky Mountains. The eye of an observer from the
heights near Blowing Rock descries in one view mountain summits in
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee and South Carolina. The people of
western North Carolina are white by a vast majority, while in the eastern
part of the State the black population predominates. In twenty-five
of the western counties 88 per cent. of the people are white. In
the same number of the farthest eastern counties there is a majority of
ten thousand black people. In accordance with this fundamental fact,<pb n="157" /><anchor id="Pg157" />
the work of the American Missionary Association in the western part
of the State is chiefly among the white, and in the eastern part of the
State, among the black people.</p>

<p>In both Carolinas the vast majority of the population is rural. According
to the last census there was only one city in each State with
more than twenty thousand people, and only six places with more than
ten thousand.</p>

<p>In Wilmington, the largest city of North Carolina, the American Missionary
Association began work as the war was closing. Of the twenty-four
thousand people in the county, fourteen thousand are black. Fourteen
years ago Mr. J. J. H. Gregory, of Massachusetts, became much
interested in this field and erected a fine brick church and commodious
school buildings. The combined church and school work have gone on
with continued efficiency and prosperity. There is a strong desire on
the part of the people for the development of an industrial department
in the school. The elevating
influence of the
church is felt not only in
Wilmington, but throughout
the surrounding communities.
A great many
of the school students
have become teachers in
the city schools and in
different parts of the
State.</p>

<figure url="images/image02.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, WILMINGTON, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, WILMINGTON, N. C.</figDesc></figure>

<p>While Wilmington and
Beaufort are both sea-side
places, the former is
chiefly a commercial town
while the latter is devoted
to the fishing and
oyster industries. The
island is swept by refreshing
sea breezes, and
a great many of its inhabitants
are boatmen
and fishermen. The
Beaufort fisheries extend
over a large area in which
immense schools of fish
are found. In deep sea
fishing the nets are<pb n="158" /><anchor id="Pg158" />
dropped to a depth of one hundred feet and drawn up often filled to
bursting. Not infrequently whales are captured off the coast.</p>

<p>Not long ago both the church and school buildings in Beaufort were
swept away by fire, but they have recently been restored, as seen in the
illustration. The church is making good progress under its young
colored pastor. The school is crowded. Industrial work is being
carried on to a limited extent, and it is hoped that in the coming year
an industrial building can be erected. Nothing can contribute more to
the progress and welfare of the young people than a well-equipped industrial
department where knowledge of trades can be imparted.</p>

<figure url="images/image03.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>THE WILMINGTON A. M. A. SCHOOL.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: THE WILMINGTON A. M. A. SCHOOL.</figDesc></figure>

<p>With their immense preponderance of a country population, naturally
the largest part of the Association's mission work in the Carolinas is in
the country. In the North Carolina Congregational Association most
of the churches are country churches. The Association meetings are
well attended. The accompanying illustration is from a photograph
taken at one of the recent meetings in McLeansville, where there are
two churches not far apart. Besides these in this part of the State,
there are country churches at High Point, Salem, Strieby, Melville,
Oaks, Pekin, Dry Creek, Carter's Mills, Dudley, Malee, Nalls, Troy,
Snow Hill, and other points. The annual meetings of the Association
are most interesting occasions. Pastors and people of these little
churches gather from near and far for fellowship, mutual comfort, and
inspiration. With some of these churches schools are associated, which
afford to the young the opportunities of a Christian education, and contribute
from their elder pupils many students for our higher institutions
of learning. With the multiplication and development of these<pb n="159" /><anchor id="Pg159" />
churches these higher schools will have a steady constituency of great
importance.</p>

<figure url="images/image04.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>SCENE IN BEAUFORT, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: SCENE IN BEAUFORT, N. C.</figDesc></figure>

<figure url="images/image05.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>NORTH CAROLINA FISHERIES.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: NORTH CAROLINA FISHERIES.</figDesc></figure>

<p>Thus the Association, so far from confining its work to the cities, is
doing a very large share of its work in the country and among country
people. Some of this work
has been long-continued
and has achieved a widespread
and beneficial influence
in the neighboring
communities. The self-denying
devotion of many
years is reaching a most
blessed fruitage, and
those who have given the
strength and vigor of a
lifetime to the poor and
despised now find their
closing years brightened with the sight of what has been wrought by
their long labors for the advancement of the Kingdom of Christ. The
picture of the Oaks congregation at their church door is an illustration.
There, among the plantations, are two sisters who have given their lives,
until the shadows of age have fallen upon them, to missionary work in
behalf of the poor colored people. One of them is growing blind and
the other has already
become so.
While the former
feels constrained
by her failing
sight soon to give
up her school
work, her more
aged sister has
an intense desire
to continue,
while life lasts,
her labors in
behalf of those
whom she has
come to love,
while bringing blessings to them. Well versed in the Scriptures, she
continues to gather classes of young men and plantation teachers and
teach them from the Bible to prepare them to instruct better those still
more ignorant than they. Although urged by her friends to give up<pb n="160" /><anchor id="Pg160" />
this ministration, she cannot bring herself to any other course than that
of doing all she can until "the night cometh when no man can work."
It is at once a pathetic, an inspiring and a joyful picture to see this
aged blind woman, surrounded by her students, opening to them the
Scriptures and instructing them in the religion of their common Master.</p>

<p>In contrast with the quiet home and school work carried on by these
two women and yet to the same end are the labors of such a country
pastor as Mr. Collins. For a number of years, while carrying on regular
church work at Troy, he has also had charge of several other
churches riding scores of miles every week, fording the streams and
facing the storms in all kinds of weather. At Dry Creek and Nalls,
Pekin, Carter's Mills and Malee, he has preached regularly or occasionally
and has watched with incessant care and labor the development
of missions throughout a wide tract of country. The influence of these
churches has pervaded many communities. Calls have come to him to
develop new church work simply because the poor people of other
churches have seen and felt the higher standards of piety and purer
lives among many in the Congregational churches and have desired that
they too might have the advantage of such ministers.</p>

<figure url="images/image06.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>CHURCH AND SCHOOL, BEAUFORT, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: CHURCH AND SCHOOL, BEAUFORT, N. C.</figDesc></figure>

<p>Indeed, this long care of our churches and schools is awakening many
new movements among the colored people of the South. Our churches
are generally small and poor, but they have stood steadfastly for human
rights, for Christian equality and freedom of church membership, and
for moral and religious education. While their work has been slow,<pb n="161" /><anchor id="Pg161" />
their influence has been deep and pervasive, as has been that of our
schools, small and great.</p>

<figure url="images/image07.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>NORTH CAROLINA STATE ASSOCIATION, McLEANSVILLE.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: NORTH CAROLINA STATE ASSOCIATION, McLEANSVILLE.</figDesc></figure>

<figure url="images/image08.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>AT THE CHURCH DOOR, OAKS, N. C.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: AT THE CHURCH DOOR, OAKS, N. C.</figDesc></figure>

<p>It is an interesting and important fact that the great work of
Christian education in
behalf of the colored
people which has been
carried on by the Association
is now producing
results in a new
direction. Our former
students and pupils,
grown into manhood
and womanhood, find
the church life of their
communities greatly
inferior to that in
which they were
trained in our schools.
They  are  reaching
after something more
pure, free and spiritual.
The leaven of their intelligence and higher standard of morality is
taking hold of many families about them.  From many centers the call
reaches us for the organization of Congregational churches, churches
which shall stand for
morality, equal membership
rights and a
more rational type of
piety. At the same
time there is an uprising
in various churches
against the centralized
forms of church government,
which they
feel to be oppressive.
They refuse longer to
be bound to systems
which, as they believe,
invade individual
Christian rights. From
these and other causes appeals are coming to us from different quarters
for the recognition of churches which have become independent. A
number of these churches have already been received by council into<pb n="162" /><anchor id="Pg162" />
Congregational associations, and the indications are that this number
will be largely increased during the year to come.</p>

<figure url="images/image09.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>THE SPRINGS CABIN AT LOWELL.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: THE SPRINGS CABIN AT LOWELL.</figDesc></figure>

<figure url="images/image10.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>THE LOWELL CHURCH RUINS.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: THE LOWELL CHURCH RUINS.</figDesc></figure>

<p>Of these popular movements toward the Congregational way, that at
Lowell is a typical illustration.  Some of the colored people near this
little hamlet desired to build for
themselves a church. With infinite
pains and self-denial and
labor they gathered the material
for a small, wooden building and
put up the frame with their own
hands. Being refused the official
encouragement they felt they had
a right to expect from their own
denomination, they began to consider
the whole question of church
relations and polity, and made up
their minds to become a free
church. They held their services
in the cabin depicted in the accompanying illustration, and sought to
push forward the completion of their little and rude church building.
A furious storm blew the frame down. With sore hearts they piled up
the lumber neatly around the foundation frame and felt that they must
give up their
cherished
hope of having
a church edifice.
Having
learned of the
Congregational
way,
which superimposes
no
centralized
church government
over
the people and
seeks to aid
the poor
rather than to
oppress them, they organized themselves into a Congregational church,
and were recognized in our fellowship by a council. Afterward they
were visited by a representative of the Association, whose form is seen
in the foreground of the picture of their ruined church. A cheering<pb n="163" /><anchor id="Pg163" />
conference was held with them. In this conversation a single fact came
out which shows something of the labor and self-denial in the movement.
It was found that the young
minister of this, and a similar
body of colored people several
miles away, although he was
afflicted with an ulcerated ankle,
which might well have laid him
up in his house, had repeatedly
walked seventeen miles over the
heavy roads in order to keep
faithfully his preaching appointments.
The people were willing
to do their very utmost. It is
hoped, with the aid of our Church
Building Society, that they will
now be able to put up their little
church building and prosper in
their Christian endeavor of having
a free Congregational church
for their religious home.</p>

<figure url="images/image11.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>REV. A. W. CURTIS, D.D.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: REV. A. W. CURTIS, D.D.</figDesc></figure>

<p>In Raleigh, the State capital,
the colored people form a little over half of the population. Our church
work here for a number of years has been in the charge of Rev. A. W.
Curtis, D.D., who is most highly esteemed everywhere. The convenient,
comfortable, and tasteful church building was erected in 1891. It
has a seating capacity of
250. In the political transformations
of the State
the race question keeps its
prominence. It was a
significant fact that the
Legislature voted a few
weeks ago to adjourn in
respect to the memory of
Fred. Douglass. About
the same time the legislature
also voted that the
national standard should
be raised on the State
house; and, for the first
time since the reconstruction days, our country's flag streamed above
the old granite capitol of North Carolina.</p>

<figure url="images/image12.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>STATE CAPITOL AT RALEIGH.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: STATE CAPITOL AT RALEIGH.</figDesc></figure>

</div>

<div>
<pb n="164" /><anchor id="Pg164" />
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>A SUNDAY AT TALLADEGA, ALA.</head>

<p>BY PRESIDENT DEFOREST.</p>

<p>Our different religious services begin early in the day. At 7.30, soon
after breakfast and prayers in the dining hall, the Young Men's Christian
Association holds its meeting for an hour. The Sunday-school,
with a large attendance and many classes occupying different school
rooms, convenes at 9.15, with the regular church service following at
10.30. We are never through with this without feeling keenly the need
of a larger, better and better ventilated house of worship. A new chapel
is longed for each Sabbath, often through the week, and especially at
commencement season when our varied anniversary exercises are all
crowded into one small inadequate and inappropriate room.</p>

<p>Soon after dinner more than a score of students, mainly young men,
with a few of our teachers, go out to seven different mission Sunday-schools,
two of which are in our own tasteful chapels, others in country
churches, and one in a private house, where they meet about 300 different
pupils of all sorts, garbs and ages, but for the most part attentive
listeners eager for instruction, as well as for the papers which
Northern benevolence, through sundry boxes and barrels, enable us to
supply. This mission Sunday-school work began with the first year of
the College Church and has accomplished a large and growing good.
Through these schools the college multiplies itself, carrying the Gospel,
with opposition to tobacco and intoxicants, into needy places. These
mission schools are a cordon of outposts surrounding the citadel. The
most remote is five and a half miles away, and incidentally a good share
of pluck is developed by those who, through cold or heat, mud or dust,
regularly make their Sabbath day rounds.</p>

<p>Comparatively few are regularly in these mission enterprises. For
those at home there is the quiet hour and prayer meetings, a gathering
in the interests of purity or temperance--enough to employ the time to
the early supper hour. After that comes the last public meeting of the
day in the chapel, which for some time has been conducted by our
Society of Christian Endeavor. The day is a full one, with large opportunities
for personal growth and usefulness.</p>

<p>From a recent visit, I am able to write more fully of one of the meetings
of the Young Men's Christian Association. The hour was early,
but the room was well filled. The leader took but little time and used
it well. Prayers followed, with volunteer singing; other prayers, brief
and earnest, and then a quartet sang a touching evangelical hymn.
Seldom have I spoken to more attentive hearers than were furnished by
these fifty young men. It was an inspiration to look into their faces
and to feel that in a few years they would all be scattered, if they live, to
the four quarters of the world and wielding a large influence among<pb n="165" /><anchor id="Pg165" />
men. I could but hope that that influence would be for good. Many
earnest prayers followed, and when an opportunity was offered three
young men requested prayers. They were tenderly remembered. It
seemed to me that some of these petitions had in them the fervor of
Pentecost. Two young men were received into the Association, and
when the hour was through I felt that we had been sitting together in
heavenly places in Christ.</p>

<p>And now as a Roman could not end his speech without adding
<hi rend="font-style: italic">Delenda est Carthago</hi>, so I cannot close without saying that if this part
of the world needs Christian schools, if Christian education is the hope
of these regions, then Talladega College ought to be enlarged and endowed.
Some who are giving themselves to this most blessed reconstruction
wish that they had money to add also. May those who cannot
come themselves send on supplies.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>STORRS SCHOOL, ATLANTA, GA.</head>

<p>BY MISS ELLA E. ROPER.</p>

<p>We are so sure of your sympathy in our spiritual prosperity that I
write you informally in relation to it.</p>

<p>Sunday, February 10, was a peculiarly happy one for us. In the morning
we had studied together how the Saviour had set the little child in
the midst. At the communion service following there was a large group
of candidates for admission to the church, and then again were the children
"in the midst." Eight were our present pupils; another, a last
year's graduate. Still another was a young man who came to renew his
allegiance to the church of Christ. We wished that all interested in
their welfare in years gone by could look upon them. Several of the
younger people admitted became interested under the preaching of Mr.
Moore over a year ago, and have stood to their post manfully ever since.
The present severe weather causes much acute distress. A recent case
had its humorous, as well as pathetic side. In the bitter zero weather
of Friday's blizzard a microscopic male beggar unfolded a doleful tale,
as he basked in the warmth of the kitchen fire. He gave very unsatisfactory
directions to his home, and we were unsuccessful that night in
locating it. Early next morning he appeared again, and we made
immediate preparations for running him to cover. As we started into
the street he said hesitatingly, "Mother's better now." "That's good;
run along." Presently, "She's up and dressed now." "Run along,"
we admonished, and took care to keep our eyes upon him lest he vanish,
since he was evidently trying to patch up a peace with his conscience.
He presently darted within a cabin, and there we found a state of
things to which he had hardly done justice, notwithstanding his remorse
that his mother wasn't exactly as he had represented her. A single stick<pb n="166" /><anchor id="Pg166" />
of wood was wasting in the fireplace. Four children, smaller than the
mite, were as near it as possible without being on it, eagerly scraping
a tin dish with a spoon. A fifth, who had recently made the acquaintance
of this world and its woes, was vigorously proclaiming his unfavorable
opinion of it from the bed. "I cannot take him up in this cold,"
the mother explained.</p>

<p>I left them to see what could be done. On my return the last spark
of fire had died upon the hearth. It was zero without and within. Our
family of teachers had made up a sum sufficient for the present needs,
however, and the family were soon made comfortable. At our last visit
that day the room was warm, the baby was up, and evidently had
changed his mind. As we were endeavoring to sort out and fit some
garments, the mite (ten years of age, but apparently about eight) came
to me, and, looking up with great solemnity, said, "If you want any
work done, I'll do it for you for nothin'." So you see there will be a
man of business in that house as long as the mite lives.</p>

<p>We have our usual experience of pleasant classes in Storrs this year.
The same families continuing with us, year after year, seem like our
own. Our Junior Christian Endeavor Society, already quite large,
received nine new members at the last business meeting, and is reaching
out for more. Our industrial department is slowly working in the
direction of a modest exhibit at the coming Atlanta Exposition, and
doing considerable toward clothing the needy with plain garments.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>ANDERSONVILLE, GA.</head>

<p>MISS M. E. WILCOX.</p>

<p>Thank you ever so much for the Hand Fund, I feel quite rich with
it. These children are willing to work and the parents are glad to have
them do so. They know very little about doing things properly, and
the teaching which they have in industrial work may do them as much
good as their books, but if you count that, then I am teaching from
eight o'clock to five.</p>

<p>You may wish to ask if we feel isolated and lonely. No, we are too
busy for that. The scholars begin to come on the grounds before we
are through breakfast, and we don't have time to wish for other company.
You ask how I find things. One can't find out everything in
two months, but as far as I can judge it is as needy a field as we have
heard about.</p>

<p>Of course the best work cannot be done in school until we can have
another room, but now scholars come four or five miles, cross creeks
on logs, or, when the water is too high, their folks bring them across
the water and they walk the rest of the way.</p>

<pb n="167" /><anchor id="Pg167" />

<p>So far, the parents find no fault with the governing at school. One
girl had troubled me by laughing and playing, and I told her at noon
if she couldn't study more she would better stay at home and work.
Somebody told her mother what was said, and the stepfather came
down and begged me to keep her, said that they couldn't read and
write and needed to have her know how, that they would attend
"stricter" to her, that she would behave better when they were through
with her, etc. I consented to keep her and she confided to Jennie,
when she came to school, that she had had four switches "wore out"
on her that morning.</p>

<p>Everybody is very poor, of all races, and what is more discouraging
they don't know how to improve their condition. This year the Christmas
freeze spoiled almost all their vegetables, and they lost all their
melon crop last year, and the cold two or three weeks ago froze what
garden things were started; what they are to live on till crops grow
is not visible. The children evidently think our washbasins and soap
and towels a great luxury, for they scrub and rub at every opportunity.</p>

<p>We are putting out flowers and trees and planting grass in the yard
to make it more comfortable looking, the grass, partly to prevent the
water from washing off so much. The church lot is higher than that
of the house and in a heavy rain the water pours down on our lot, but
I think we can stop it in part at least. Our "home" is an "unmixed"
blessing. I don't know how we could get on here without a pleasant
resting place, and the people watch everything we do and everything
we have.</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Indians.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>ITEMS FROM INDIAN MISSIONS.</head>

<p>SECRETARY C. J. RYDER.</p>

<p>At Santee Industrial School and Mission in Nebraska they have suffered
a sad bereavement. The place left vacant by Mrs. Frederick B.
Riggs, who has just been taken away from the loving circle of missionary
workers at this station cannot be filled. Her absence will be much
more than the loss of one faithful missionary. She was the life, the
light and the inspiration of any circle in which she moved. The brief
tribute in another column to her memory calls attention to her wide
usefulness. When we met in the Mission Council last year at Oahe, S. D.,
Mrs. Riggs's bright and confident faith lifted up all our hearts bowed
down as they were by discouragement in view of the vast work to be
accomplished and the retrenchment in funds. All who were present at
this Council will remember how sure she was that light would come
after the darkness, and that joy would come in the morning. There<pb n="168" /><anchor id="Pg168" />
has come to her the richest, fullest light and joy of the better country.
When we meet at the Council this year we shall be the richer for her
strong faith and the abiding presence of her self-sacrificing love.</p>

<p>Santee Industrial School, through the rigid economy of Dr. Riggs
and his faithful assistants, has enrolled more pupils than the appropriation
permitted. Notwithstanding this, hundreds have been turned from
the school because the funds were not sufficient to furnish them Christian
instruction.</p>

<p>From Oahe comes the report that Rev. T. L. Riggs is gradually recovering
the use of his eyes. Rev. James F. Cross, of Rosebud, has
been assisting Brother Riggs during his sore affliction.</p>

<p>We are sometimes asked whether the hospital at Fort Yates is now in
operation. It is not. Last year, by special solicitation, additional funds
were gathered sufficient to conduct the hospital for one year. This was
done. A hospital plant is always expensive, as it involves the salary of
a trained physician and an assistant, together with medicines and other
supplies. This year the funds have not come in outside of current
receipts sufficient to provide for the expenses of the hospital, and it is,
therefore, closed. This is to the serious loss of the religious work. Word
comes from the prairie that the Indians, women and children especially,
mourn sorely the loss of this hospital and the considerate and skillful
care of our faithful physician.</p>

<p>Miss M. P. Lord, whose address at the annual meeting in Lowell
attracted so general interest, remained in the East for some weeks
presenting the Indian work to the churches, Christian Endeavor
Societies and women's missionary societies. Her work was confined
to New England. She remained as long as it seemed wise for her to be
absent from the pressing duties of her mission, to which she has now
returned.</p>

<p>The following letter was recently received from her.</p>

<quote rend="display">
<p rend="text-align: right">"<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">In the Land of the Dakotas</hi>,<lb />
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Little Eagle's Village</hi>, March 25, 1895.</p>

<p>"During the past week I have been twice down the river to Flying
By's Village to attend their mid-week prayer meeting and Sunday morning
service, and also to the Agency. My people seem to be active and
earnest. Some of them are thinking they had better enlarge the little
building they put up last year. A number of the people there are
learning, teaching each other to read; and they are asking for a
women's missionary society to be formed there. Catch-the-Enemy,
who is active in the young men's society, said to me the other day that
there were fifteen members at Flying By's Village. Their quarterly
dues are ten cents, but the others have nothing with which to pay, and
so he paid them all.</p>

<pb n="169" /><anchor id="Pg169" />

<p>"David, dear, good, gentle David, was here to-day from Thunder
Hawk's. I judge that he is getting on well there. As a teacher, I
think he can not but be a success, he is so gentle, patient and good, and
bright, too. A week ago we had a pleasant little visit from Mr. Reed
over Sunday."</p>
</quote>

<p>From this letter it will be seen that large opportunities are opening at
this Indian mission, and most hopeful results are already being
gathered. The Christian Indians are more and more realizing their
own responsibility for carrying on Christian work, and are meeting it
bravely. They are also responding to appeals for gifts to missionary
work outside of their own tribes with self-sacrificing devotion. The
collection of the Pilgrim Church at Santee, mentioned in the April
magazine, increased to $241. This was to meet the debt on the treasury
of the American Missionary Association.</p>

<p>Miss Collins, so well known to our readers, is now in the East in behalf
of these needy Indian missions. Before leaving the prairies, she
visited Oahe and Santee, and various missions aside from her own, that
she might have the most recent information of the whole field. The
object of her coming is to give the information, which she possesses so
thoroughly, to the people and so stir them up adequately to support this
field of Indian missions which is suffering so painfully for the lack of
funds. There can not be any further retrenchment of the Indian work
if it lives at all. It has been cut down two years in succession, and
greatly suffered. Further curtailment would mean crucifixion.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>MRS. ADELAIDE RIDEOUT RIGGS.</head>

<p>A beautiful life has gone out from our work, taking from it one who
was loved and admired by the Indian people as well as by her fellow-workers.</p>

<p>Mrs. Riggs was born in 1867 in Dorset, Vt., graduating in 1887 from
the Western Reserve Seminary, and after spending two years in Bradford
Academy, Mass., she came as a teacher to the Santee School,
Nebraska, where she made herself exceedingly useful and was afterward
employed by Dr. Riggs as his secretary. In 1893 she was married
to Mr. Frederick B. Riggs and took a trip with him upon the
Rosebud and Pine Ridge Reservations, camping out and sharing the
hardship of such travel. Failing health led to the employment of the
best medical advice, and in November, 1894, she went to New Mexico
to escape the rigors of the climate of Nebraska, where it seemed
impossible that she could live through the winter. But in spite of all
that could be done, Mrs. Riggs passed away March 12, 1895. She was
admirably fitted for her work and full of enthusiasm for it. It seemed<pb n="170" /><anchor id="Pg170" />
as if her usefulness had just begun, but God had prepared her for another
and more glorious field.</p>

<p>The funeral service of Mrs. Riggs was held on Sunday afternoon,
March 24, at Santee, Neb. The simple exercises were conducted by
Rev. Mr. Dwin, Superintendent of the Government School, and Pastor
Ehnamani. The latter is the venerable Indian pastor of the church at
Santee. He referred feelingly to Mrs. Riggs giving her life to the work
among his people and of her desire to be buried among those whom she
loved.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>AN INDIAN HELPING NEEDY WHITES.</head>

<p>The Indians have shown themselves full of sympathy, giving what
they could spare of their annual issue of flannel, cloth, etc., from the
Government. One of the native pastors, Mr. Francis Frazier, told that
on his way here from his home at the Rosebud Reservation, he found at
the homes of all the white families great need of food. He started with
a good supply for the trip, but he left some at each white man's home
that he passed on the way. We have no conception of this suffering.
The weather has been very mild compared with last year, which has
been a great blessing to these poor people. What trust in God it needs
to live through such extremities!</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>The Chinese.</head>
<p></p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>STREET PREACHING IN CHINATOWN.</head>

<p>REV. W. C. POND, D.D.</p>

<p>Our brother Loo Quong writes from Fresno as follows: "I cannot
help telling you about the interest we have taken in the street preaching
here in Chinatown, and the interest of the Chinese who have attended
our meetings from Sunday to Sunday. It was a beautiful sight to see
the great big crowd of interesting faces, to hear us sing the songs of
praise to the Almighty God, and to hear the preaching of the sweet gospel
of our Lord Jesus Christ, who loves the Chinese as well as all mankind.</p>

<p>"I have taken more interest in my preaching on the streets in this
city than anywhere else, because I could get more help to sing with us.
Besides, our people here seem to be more interested in such meetings
than anywhere else. We begin at 12.30 p.m. After a few hymns were
sung a loud prayer was offered to our God and Master by Wong Gow.
Then I mounted the chair and preached for half an hour. Then a
hymn was sung, and Brother Wong Gow took the chair and preached
another twenty minutes to the big and interested crowd. After this
another hymn was sung. A young American boy who was a true Christian<pb n="171" /><anchor id="Pg171" />
happened to pass along there, and made a stop to see what was
going on. After he found out he too mounted the chair and gave the
crowd a few cheerful words. Then we closed with the song: 'Are you
Washed in the Blood,' (in Chinese I suppose: W. C. P.) following this
with the Lord's Prayer in Chinese. During all this time there was not
one ever did move away from the big crowd, but rather new-comers
swelled it larger and larger. There were a great many Americans in
it too, and they all seemed to be interested. I am sure that a great
many of the Chinese hearts, at least, were touched by the preaching of
the Gospel to-day. May the Lord, help them to understand it more
clearly!</p>

<figure url="images/image13.png" rend="w90">
<index index="fig" />
<head>STREET PREACHING IN FRESNO.</head>
<figDesc>Illustration: STREET PREACHING IN FRESNO.</figDesc></figure>

<p>"I believe that the street preaching has become the most important
part of the missionary work in this State. For nowadays, with the
Chinese, things are not like those of ten or fifteen years ago, when we
could get a great many Chinese into our schools to be taught English,
and so the Gospel times are getting harder for them in this country
every day, and they are growing old, and therefore they have more<pb n="172" /><anchor id="Pg172" />
cares in their hearts and so lose interest in study. I have tried this
many times. When I succeeded to get them in for one, two, three, or
four nights, they are not interested and do not come again, and when
urged to do so, they offer some kind of excuse. So we must take the
street meetings as the main point to fight sins, to sow the seeds, and
use the schools as our reapers."</p>

<p>And so Loo Quong goes on to urge me to stir up the street preaching
at all our missions, which thing I was and have been forward to do, even
without urging. I believe he is right in saying that while we cannot
dispense with the schools--indeed the whole work without these would
be unorganized and fruitless--yet for "sowing the seed," for reaching
those who are far off, we must depend on street preaching. The
English primer has largely lost its power as a bait for the gospel hook.
We must do our fishing for men on other lines.</p>

<p>Accordingly I am pressing our Chinese Christians into this work, and
am providing them with cards printed in Chinese, on which they can
sign their names to the simple statement: "I like the Jesus' doctrine.
I would be glad to study it. The preacher may call to see me at
----."</p>

<p>The reverse side of the card contains the location of the mission
house, names of teacher, helper, etc. The intent is that no one willing
to listen to the word of life as uttered in private and personal conversation,
should fail to be found and to be urged to take his stand
with the followers of Christ. We wish to follow up the public service
with effective private and personal preaching.</p>

<p>Two of our Chinese brethren at Fresno are to be baptized and welcomed
to the Church to-morrow.</p>

<p>Let no one imagine that street-preaching is a new feature of our
work. We have practiced it on all our fields, and ever since we had
Chinese Christians capable of doing it. But it has not been attended
to as regularly and with as careful preparation: it has not been made a
constant and prominent element of our missionary service, as with
God's help I mean to make it hereafter.</p>

<p>A friend writing from Santa Barbara says of Yong Kay: "For some
time God has been laying the burden of Chinatown upon his mind and
heart. He said that he ought to be like Paul--go to those who have
not heard the Gospel. So, with some singers from the church, he has
gone into their street on Sunday afternoons and held open-air services.
A crowd has gathered, attracted by the singing, and Yong Kay has
preached to them in Chinese. Those who were interested the first time
came again yesterday, and one could tell by their earnest faces that they
were <hi rend="font-style: italic">taking in</hi> the thought of the speaker. It was a touching scene;
and not less touching, perhaps, that little group at the mission house<pb n="173" /><anchor id="Pg173" />
about to start for the preaching place, as Yong Kay gathered us about
him and said: 'We will have a short prayer.' He went in the strength
of the Lord, and he will doubtless come again, bringing his sheaves with
him."</p>

<p>Mrs. Davis, our teacher at San Bernardino, writes likewise: "We
had a song and preaching service in Chinatown last Sabbath, and
the effort was most gratifying. About forty Chinese gathered and
listened with the utmost interest, as you could see by their very earnest
faces and close attention. We plan to have these services regularly if
Gin Foo King can be continued with us. The longer I work with these
people the more my heart goes out to them in their sad condition, out
of Christ."</p>
</div>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>Bureau of Woman's Work.</head>

<p>MISS D. E. EMERSON, SECRETARY.</p>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR IN THE BLACK BELT.</head>

<p>BY C. E. L.</p>

<p>One hundred and twenty-five happy black faces with eager eyes and
glistening white teeth; one hundred and twenty-five little boys and
girls marching into the schoolroom to go forth as Junior Endeavorers;
thus began our society this morning.</p>

<p>How anxious we were to have the very best one of our number for
president, and to choose wisely the lookout committee and the prayer-meeting
committee! For a whole week we had been thinking just
whom we would choose. The neatest and most careful writer was
chosen secretary, the best singers were placed on the music committee,
those whose mothers have beautiful gardens were placed on the flower
committee; five of the very cheeriest of all these cheerful boys and girls
make up the sunshine committee. Perhaps these children do not yet
understand clearly the duties of the various officers, but the organization
means something to them, and they are very careful not to do
things unworthy of Christian Endeavorers.</p>

<p>This society is the outgrowth of the Wednesday morning prayer-meeting.
The meeting this morning was unusually interesting. Our
topic, "For what are you thankful?" we took from the <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Golden Rule</hi>.
We did find many things to be thankful for, so many, in fact, that the
privileges we do not enjoy seemed to sink into insignificance.</p>

<p>Do you think you would be thankful if you had to share a home no
larger than a small bedroom with eleven or twelve brothers and sisters?
Could you give thanks if you had only one suit of clothes and that very
ragged; or if you had to walk four or five miles to school and carry<pb n="174" /><anchor id="Pg174" />
your pockets full of sweet potatoes to roast in the ashes for your
dinner?</p>

<p>Yet we can thank God for health and sunshine and flowers and school
and Junior Endeavor meetings. Indeed, I cannot remember all the
things we did thank Him for this morning. One thing I do remember;
we thanked Him for our voices and the many beautiful hymns we have
learned to sing. Oh, how we do sing! It seems as if we should almost
raise the roof sometimes with our old favorites, "He Arose" and "The
Old Ship of Zion."</p>

<p>We have had some very cold mornings. One day Sandy said, "Please,
ma'am, do they send shoes? 'cause I has far to come. I needs ebery
ting, but I wants dem shoes." Poor little boy, he does indeed need
"ebery ting." And there are many others that would fare very badly
were it not for the barrels. There are more than four hundred boys
and girls in this school. I think the heartfelt thanks of these people
will call down showers of blessings on the friends that have provided
this school and have been so prompt in supplying our needs.</p>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>WOMAN'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS.</head>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MAINE.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Aid to A. M. A.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-style: italic">State Committee</hi>--Mrs. Ida Vose Woodbury,
Woodfords; Mrs. A. T. Burbank, Yarmouth;
Mrs. Helen Quimby, Bangor.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW HAMPSHIRE.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Female Cent Institution and Home Miss. Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Cyrus Sargeant, Plymouth.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. John T. Perry, Exeter.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Annie A. McFarland, Concord.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>VERMONT.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. H. Babbitt, W. Brattleboro.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. M. K. Paine, Windsor.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. Wm. P. Fairbanks, St. Johnsbury.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MASS <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">and</hi> R. I.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps"><note place="foot"><p>For the purpose of exact information we note
that, while the W. H. M. A. appears in this list as
a State body for Mass. and R. I., it has certain
auxiliaries elsewhere.</p></note>Woman's Home Missionary Association.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. C. L. Goodell, Boston Highlands,
Mass.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Louise A. Kellogg, 32 Congregational
House, Boston.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Annie C. Bridgman, 32 Congregational
House, Boston.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CONNECTICUT.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Miss Ellen R. Camp, 9 Camp St., New Britain.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. C. T. Millard, 36 Lewis St., Hartford.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. W. W. Jacobs, 19 Spring St., Hartford.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW YORK.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Wm. Kincaid, 483 Green Ave., Brooklyn.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Wm. Spalding, 511 Orange St., Syracuse.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. J. Pearsall, 230 Macon St., Brooklyn.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW JERSEY.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union of the N. J. Association.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. A. H. Bradford, Montclair.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. R. J. Hegeman, 32 Forest Street, Montclair</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. H. Dennison, 150 Belleville Ave., Newark.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>PENNSYLVANIA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. A. H. Claflin, 274 Manhattan St., Allegheny.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. C. F. Jennee, Ridgway.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. T. W. Jones, 511 Woodland Terrace, Philadelphia.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OHIO.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Sydney Strong, Lane Seminary
Grounds, Cincinnati.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. J. W. Moore, 836 Hough Ave., Cleveland.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. G. B. Brown, 2116 Warren St., Toledo.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="175" /><anchor id="Pg175" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>INDIANA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. W.A . Bell, 221 Christian Ave.,
Indianapolis.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. E. Mossman, Fort Wayne.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. F. W. Dewhurst, 28 Christian
Ave., Indianapolis</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ILLINOIS.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Isaac Claflin, Lombard.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. C. H. Taintor, 151 Washington
St., Chicago.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. L. A. Field, Wilmette.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>IOWA</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. T. O. Douglass, Grinnell.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. H. H. Robbins, Grinnell.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Belle L. Bentley, 300 Court Ave.
Des Moines.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MICHIGAN.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. George M. Lane, 179 West Alexandrine
Ave., Detroit.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. J. H. Hatfield, 301 Elm Street,
Kalamazoo.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. E. F. Grabill, Greenville.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WISCONSIN.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. E. G. Updike, Madison.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. A. O. Wright, Madison.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. C. M. Blackman, Whitewater.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MINNESOTA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Miss Katherine W. Nichols, 230 East
Ninth Street, St. Paul.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. A. P. Lyon, 17 Florence Court,
S. E., Minneapolis.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. M. W. Skinner, Northfield.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH DAKOTA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. W. P. Clevelend, Caledonia.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Silas Daggett, Harwood.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. M. Fisher, Fargo.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SOUTH DAKOTA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. A. H. Robbins, Bowdle.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. H. Thrall, Huron.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. F. H. Wilcox, Huron.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>BLACK HILLS, SOUTH DAKOTA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. B. Gossage, Rapid City.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. H. H. Gilchrist, Hot Springs.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Grace Lyman, Hot Springs.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEBRASKA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. T. Duryea, 2402 Cass Street, Omaha.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. S. C. Dean, 636 31st Street, Omaha.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. G. J. Powell, 30th and Ohio Streets, Omaha.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MONTANA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. O. C. Clark, Missoula.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. S. Bell, 410 Dearborn Ave. Helena.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. Herbert E. Jones, Livingston.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSOURI.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Henry Hopkins, 916 Holmes
Street, Kansas City.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. E. C. Ellis, 2456 Tracy Ave.,
Kansas City.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. K. L. Mills, 1526 Wabash Ave.,
Kansas City.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>KANSAS.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. F. E. Storrs, Topeka.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. George L. Epps, Topeka.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. D. D. DeLong, Arkansas City.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OREGON.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. John Summerville, 108 Second
Street, Portland.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. George Brownell, Oregon City.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. W. D. Palmer, 546 Third Street, Portland.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WASHINGTON.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Association.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. A. J. Bailey, 323 Blanchard
Street, Seattle.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. C. Wheeler, 424 South K
Street, Tacoma.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. W. George, 620 Fourth Street,
Seattle.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CALIFORNIA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Society.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. E. S. Williams, 572 12th Street,
Oakland.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. L. M. Howard, 911 Grove Street, Oakland.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. M. Havens, 1329 Harrison
Street, Oakland.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. W. J. Washburn, 510 Downey
Ave., Los Angeles.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. P. J. Colcord, Claremont.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. Mary M. Smith, Public Library,
Riverside.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEVADA.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. L. J. Flint, Reno.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Miss Margaret N. Magill, Reno.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Mary Clow, Reno.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>INDIAN TERRITORY.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. John McCarthy, Vinita.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Fayette Hurd, Vinita.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. R. M. Swain, Vinita.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW MEXICO.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. C. E. Winslow, Albuquerque.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. E. W. Lewis, 301 So. Edith
Street, Albuquerque.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. H. W. Bullock, Albuquerque.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="176" /><anchor id="Pg176" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSISSIPPI.</head>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union</hi>.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. C. L. Harris, 1421 31st Avenue, Meridian.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs Edith M. Hall, Tougaloo Univ., Tougaloo.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. L. H. Turner, 3012 12th Street, Meridian.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>LOUISIANA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Miss Bella W. Hume, corner Gasquet
  and Liberty Streets, New Orleans.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Matilda Cabrère, New Orleans.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. C. H. Crawford, Hammond.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ALABAMA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. G. W. Andrews, Talladega.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. J. S. Jackson, Montgomery.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. E. C. Silsby, Talladega.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>FLORIDA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President-Mrs. S. F. Gale, Jacksonville.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Nathan Barrows, Winter Park.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. W. D. Brown, Interlachen.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TENNESSEE, KENTUCKY <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">and</hi> ARKANSAS.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union of the Tennessee Association.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. G. W. Moore, Box 8, Fisk Univ., Nashville.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Jos. E. Smith, 304 Gilmer Street, Chattanooga.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. J. E. Moreland, 216 N. McNairy Street, Nashville.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>COLORADO.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. B. C. Valentine, Highlands.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. Chas. Westley, Box 508, Denver.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. Horace Sanderson, 1710 16th Ave., Denver.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WYOMING.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. G. S. Ricker, Cheyenne.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. C. Whipple, Cheyenne.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. H. N. Smith, Rock Springs.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OKLAHOMA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. H. Parker, Kingfisher.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary-Mrs. L. E. Kimball, Guthrie.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. L. S. Childs, Choctaw City.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>UTAH (Including Southern Idaho).</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. Clarence T. Brown, Salt Lake City, Utah.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. W. S. Hawkes, 135 Sixth Street,
  E., Salt Lake City, Utah.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. Dana W. Bartlett, Salt Lake City, Utah.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary for Idaho--Mrs. Oscar Sonnenkalb,
  Pocatello, Idaho.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH CAROLINA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. W. Freeman, Dudley.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary and Treasurer--Miss A. E. Farrington,
  High Point.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TEXAS.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. J. M. Wendelkin, Dallas.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. H. Burt, Lock Box 563, Dallas</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Mrs. C. I. Scofield, Dallas.</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>GEORGIA.</head>
<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Woman's Home Missionary Union.</hi></cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>President--Mrs. H. B. Wey, 253 Forest Avenue, Atlanta.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Secretary--Mrs. H. A. Kellam, Atlanta.</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell>Treasurer--Miss Virginia Holmes, Barnesville.</cell>
</row>
</table>
</div>

<div>
<index index="toc" />
<index index="pdf" />
<head>RECEIPTS FOR MARCH, 1895.</head>


<head type="sub">THE DANIEL HAND FUND</head>

<p rend="text-align: center"><hi rend="font-style: italic">For the Education of Colored People.</hi></p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<row>
<cell>Income for March</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$38.79</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22,519.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$22,558.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">==========</cell>
</row>
</table>
</div>

<div>
<head type="sub">CURRENT RECEIPTS.</head>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MAINE, $319.52.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alfred.  Ladies' Missionary Circle, by
Emeline L. Jordan, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill,
Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburn. Sixth St. Cong. Ch., 12.50; Miss
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">L. E. Washburn</hi>, 3.33, bal. to const.
herself L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.83</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bucksport.  Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Pleasant Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Camden. Elm St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cornish. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Eastport. Miss A. Bibber's S. S. Class,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester Acad.,
Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fairfield. Y. P. S. C. E., by Miss B.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<pb n="177" /><anchor id="Pg177" />

<row>
<cell>Paul, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Skyland Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. First Cong. Ch., 20.43; "A Friend," 1.50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.93</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Thunderhawk M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Garland. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hampden. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Harpswell Center. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lamoine. Mrs. F. L. Hodgkins, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Limerick. Miss E. P. Hayes, Pkg. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Machias Sab. Sch., Centre St. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minot Centre. Cong. Ch. (of which 14.22 bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss L. E. Washburn</hi>, L. M)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Vineyard. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Primary S. S. Class, St. Law.
St. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.86</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockland. Cong. Ch., W. M. Soc., 20;
Y. P. S. E., 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockland. Y. P. S. C. E., by Miss A. M.
Moffitt, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Skowhegan. Island Av. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Searsport. Mrs. James Pendleton, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Strong. Cong, Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westbrook. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.27</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westbrook. Esther Jones, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>York. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maine Woman's Aid to A. M. A., by
Mrs. Ida V. Woodbury, Treas.,<hi rend="font-style: italic"> for Woman's Work:</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Bethel. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">South Berwick. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Woodfords. L. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">7.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----. "A Friend." Thank Offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">----  74.25</cell>
</row>

</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW HAMPSHIRE, $527.28.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alstead. Third Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Alton. Cong. Ch., Stereopticon Lecture, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. "L. F. B."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">170.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. Cong. Ch., ad'l.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berlin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bethlehem. Cong. Ch., 2.55; C. E. Soc. Of Cong. Ch., 3.76</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Campton. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Colebrook. Y. P. S. C. E., by John A. Hodge, Pres.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Barrington. Cong. Ch., Stereopticon Lecture, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.73</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Derry. Cong. Ch. (Special), 7.50;
Cong. Ch., L. M. S., 2 Bbls. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Epping. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Exeter Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">125.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hanover. Mary A. Fletcher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hospital, Fort Yates, N. D.</hi> </cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hanover Centre. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hooksett. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Keene. Mrs. H. J. Buckminster, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Langdon. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. First Cong. Ch., 25 copies
Gospel Hymn Books, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milton. Cong. Ch., Stereopticon Lecture, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Ipswich. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Market. Thomas H. Wiswall</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Hampton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walpole. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.08</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windham. Horace Berry</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hampshire Female Cent. Inst. and
Home Missionary Union, by Miss
Annie McFarland Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work:</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Exeter. Legacy in part, Miss Elizabeth A. Chadwick</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Concord. Mrs. Alice M. Nims' S. S. Class, South Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---- 42.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>VERMONT, $504.46.</head>

<row>
<cell>Barton. W. H. M. S., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Benson. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. Class in College St. Sab.
Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for the maintenance of an Indian and Negro Boy</hi>, 11 ea.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. First Ch., from "Tithe"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge. W. H. M. S., by Mrs. L. E.
Wheelock, Bbl. C, Freight 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dorset. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Georgia Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Guidhall Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.22</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartland  Two Classes, Cong. Sab. Sch., by Mrs. John P. Webster</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hubbardton. Y. P. S. C. E., by Miss M. I.
St. John, Cor. Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jericho. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.39</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lowell. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middlebury. Mrs. S. S. Shattuck</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milton. Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.06</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Montpelier. Bethany Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. S. S. Tinkham, 5; M. B. Hall, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newport. Ladies' Aux., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Bennington, Cong. Ch. (of which
25.88 bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Percey Hall Jennings,
William Carroll Hall Cushman</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Norman Julius Sheldon</hi> L.Ms</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">45.88</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Craftsbury. Miss. Soc., Bbl. C., Freight 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Northfield. Cong. Ch. and Soc., ad'l.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Mrs. B. B. Newton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peacham. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Mrs. L. E. Martin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rutland. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Duxbury. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stockbridge. Rev. T. S. Hubbard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.39</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wallingford. Senior and Junior C. E.
and Friends, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Washington Co. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Charleston. Chas. Carpenter, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Fairlee. E. G. May, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Sch., Fort Berthold, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield Cong. Ch. (1 of which from
Lella A. Farman <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Colored Work</hi>),
5.35; Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch., 6.03</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westminster, West. Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weston. Mrs. C. W. Sprague</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamstown. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williston. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windham. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.23</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$304.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center">ESTATE.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Derby. Estate of O. B. Hamilton, E. A. Stewart, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$504.46</cell>
</row>
</table>


<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MASSACHUSETTS, $4,948.31.</head>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. Amherst College Ch., by W. E. Esty, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">147.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Amherst. Colored Bible Class, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andover. Miss Grace M. Whittemore, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="178" /><anchor id="Pg178" />

<row>
<cell>Andover.  West Cong. Ch., Osgood Dist.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Arlington.  Mrs. E. S. Hillard, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi>, 5;
Friends, by Mrs. L. E. Wheelock, Bbl.
C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashby.  Ortho Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashfield.  Henry Taylor, 5; Cong. Ch., 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Auburndale.  Cong. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall,
McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">32.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bedford.  Miss Emily Davis, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Belchertown. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Martin
W. Bardwell</hi> L.M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.43</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beechwood.  Rev. John Sharp</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Billerica.  Mrs. H. B. Stanton</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boston.  Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">373.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Old South Ch. in part</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">255.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Mrs. Charlotte Fiske, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Lamson Sch., Marshallville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">William Shaw</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Maverick Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">31.66</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Berkeley Temple</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Z. A. Norris, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain
Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Friends in Central Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Indian Sch., Oahe, So. Dak.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Central Ch., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Nat, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Phillips Ch., Sisterhood of
Service, Bbl. reading
matter, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lincoln
Acad., Kings Mountain,
N. C.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Allston. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">7.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brighton.  "Two Friends in
Cong. Ch.," 1; Ladies
Aux., 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dorchester.  Second Cong. Ch.,
by Mrs. Wm. Wales,
30; to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss Mary
Alice Little</hi> L. M., and
1 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hospital, Fort Yates,
N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">31.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Mrs. Jacob Fullerton, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Hospital, Fort Yates,
N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: left">Mrs. E. Torrey, 10; Miss E.
Tolman, 8, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant
Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Central Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Extra Cent a Day Band.
Second Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian
M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Roxbury. Mrs. N. S.
French <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid.</hi>,
4; Freight, 1.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 873.04</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Braintree. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brockton.  Thomas A. Baxendale, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Student Aid, Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge.  Rev. J. Henry Thayer,
D. D., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge.  "Helping Hand Soc., King's
Daughters," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill Acad.,
Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridge.  Shepherd Mem. Ch., Rev.
L. S. Parker's Bible Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport.  Prospect St., Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">108.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chatham, Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chelsea.  Central Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">29.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chester Centre.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.59</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cohasset.  Mrs. A. Williams, Jr., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian
M., Fort Yates, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dalton.  W. M. Crane, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dedham.  Sab. Sch., First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Charlemont.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Douglas.  Dea. Luther Hill</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fall River.  Y. P. S. C. E. of Central Ch.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington.  "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian
Schp.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fitchburg.  C. S. Tolman (8 of which <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Wilmington, N. C.</hi>)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Foxboro.  Beth. Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenfield.  Mrs. Ellen M. Russell</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwich.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Groton.  "A Friend," 15, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian
M.</hi>, 10 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi>, 5 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
California Chinese M.</hi>, and to const.
<hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">William Henry Hunt</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Groton, Cong. Ch. Senior Y. P. S. C. E.,
10; Junior Y. P. S. C. E., 5 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Harvard.  Rev. C. C. Torrey</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Holyoke.  Second Cong. Ch., Ladies'
Prayer Circle, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New
Orleans, La.</hi>, and to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. C. V.
Hein</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hopkinton.  Mrs. Mary E. Putnam, Bbl.
C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Selma, Ala.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Housantonic.  Primary Sab. Sch. Class,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hyde Park.  First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22.72</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Indian Orchard.  Christian Endeavor
Soc., by Geo. G. Bass, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lancaster. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Linden.  Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.38</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lowell.  "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Evarts, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lowell. First Cong. Ch., 5; "A. K.," 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lynn.  Mrs. M. C. Bean</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Malden.  Miss M. F. Aiken</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maplewood.  Primary S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marlborough.  Union Cong. Ch. and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medway.  Bbl. of C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose.  Ortho. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">84.78</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose.  "Altruist," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian Sch.,
Oahe, So. Dak.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Melrose Highlands.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.62</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mount Hermon.  Miss. Soc. Mt. Hermon
Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newton Highlands, "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Andover.  Christian End. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.56</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Beverly.  Y. P. S. C. E. of Second
Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.64</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Rochester.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norton.  Trin. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.84</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich.  Ladies' Soc., by Mrs. H. Cook,
Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oakham.  Dea. Packard, 8; Mrs. M. S. F.
Rugg, 8, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill Acad., Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford.  Mrs. B. F. White, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Freight</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peabody.  "H. M. S.," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Marshallville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Phillipston.  Mary P. Estey, Memorial
Daniel Parker, 5 and 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pittsfield.  Mrs. Mary E. Sears, Thank offering</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Randolph.  Ladies' Benev. Ass'n, by Mrs. M. J. Graham</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Reading.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Reading.  Y. P. S. C. E., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rockville.  Cong. Ch., Miss M. E. Jones,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem.  Tabernacle Ch., and Soc. (2 of
which for Indian M.)</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">140.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saugus.  "A King's Daughter," <hi rend="font-style: italic">Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shelburne Falls.  Cong. Ch., Stereopticon Lecture</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Y. P. S. C. E., South Ch.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Mrs. E. W. Southworth, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. "Mission Reserves," by
Mrs. B. F. Thompson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Blowing Rock, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Amherst.  Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Southbridge.  Ladies' Social Circle Cong.
Ch., 21; Juv. Dept. Cong. Sab. Sch.,
Birthday offerings, 5; E. S. Swift, 2 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.00</cell>
</row>
<pb n="179" /><anchor id="Pg179" />

<row>
<cell>South Framingham. Cong. Ch., by Mrs.
F. E. Emrick, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland
Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley.  "A Friend in Mt.
Holyoke College"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Hadley Falls. "G"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somerville. Broadway Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Natick. John Eliot, Y. P. S. C. E.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springfield. Sab. Sch. Children, 2 Bbls.,
Sundries, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for S. S. Children, Talladega,
Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sterling. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Taunton Y. P. S. C. E., of Winslow Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waltham. Miss Hope Foster, 1, and Box
Sundries, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory
Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware. Junior C. E., 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Buggy</hi>, and
Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware. Miss Sage, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ware. Rev. L. E. Rivard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westboro. "A Servant"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westboro. Miss Amelia Harrington, 2
and Pkg. Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Boylston.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westfield. Primary S. S. Class, Second
Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory
Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hawley. Y. P. S. C. E., by Rev.
A. G. Beebee</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Medway. Second Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Student Aid, Nat. Ala.</hi>, Bbl. of C.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat., Ala.</hi>, 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Newton. Dr. H. M. Paine</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weston. By Mrs. E. M. Knox, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
Sch., Cappahosie, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weymouth and Braintree. Union Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Weymouth Heights. Bbl. of C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat,
Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westminister. "Westminster"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilmington. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winchester. Miss C. C. Varney, 2; Two
Ladies, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory
Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woburn.  Intermediate Dept., Cong.
Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Nat., Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Worcester. Plymouth Cong. Ch., 37.42;
Salem St. Ch., 36.42; Dr. Lamson Allen,
"Thank Offering," 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">83.84</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hampden Benevolent Association, by
  George R. Bond, Treas.:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Chicopee. Second Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">35.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">East Longmeadow</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Longmeadow</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">71.73</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Ludlow. First Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Southwick</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Springfield. North Ch.,
bal. to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Edward E.
Thayer,  Clinton  W.
Stebbins,  Charles H.
Rust</hi> and <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Charles W.
Pollner</hi> L. M.'s</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">89.17</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Springfield. Hope Ch., Special</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">27.51</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Springfield. Emmanuel Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 254.49</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Association
  of Mass, and R. I., Annie C. Bridgman,
  Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">W. H. M. A., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Salaries</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">338.47</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Boston. Ladies Aux. Old
South Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Milton.  Ladies' Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.28</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Keene, N. H. Second Ch.,
Mrs. Dr. Bevoise's S. S.
Class</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 433.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$3,448.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center">ESTATES.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beverly. Estate of Harriet W. Smith, by
F. H. Morgan, Adm'r.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">600.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Boston. Estate of Frederick D. Allen, by
Frederick B. Allen, B. Preston Clark
and Elihu G. Loomis, Executors</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">400.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watertown. Estate of Jennette T. Kimball,
by John E. Abbott</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$4,948.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell><hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Clothing, Books, etc., Received at Boston
Office:</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cambridgeport, Mass. "A Friend in
Prospect St. Ch.," Box S. S. Books <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford, Mass. Mrs. B. F. White, Box Books.</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>RHODE ISLAND, $91.70.</head>

<row>
<cell>Central Falls. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">43.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. N. W. Williams, 15; North
Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E., 1.70</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Providence. No. 4 Bell St., One large
Human's Calendar, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst., Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Slatersville. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woonsocket. Globe Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.50</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CONNECTICUT, $7,090.15.</head>

<row>
<cell>Abington. Y. P. S. C. E., by Anna F.
Bird, Sec., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Pleasant Hill Acad.,
Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berlin. Member Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Branford. H. G. Harrison</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Branford.  "Unknown Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Lowell, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Branford. Cong. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central
Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Lena J. Upson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Mem. Mission Circle, First
Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share, Pleasant Hill,
Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgeport. Olivet Ch., Ladies' M. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bristol. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.86</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Canaan. Pilgrim Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">19.71</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Deep River. Middlesex Conference, by
Rev. Wm. H. Knouse</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Hartford. Cong. Sab. Sch., Mrs.
Kilbourne's Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch.,
New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Lyme. Cong. Ch., 2; C. E. Soc.,
1.50, by Rev. E. G. Stone</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Wallingford. Mrs. Benjamin Hall</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Woodstock. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Enfield. Sab. Sch., Cong. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Farmington. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Glastonbury. Sab. Sch., by S. H. Williams,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Blowing Rock,
N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwich. Second Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">111.67</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. J. B. Williams, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
 Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hartford. Pearl St. Cong. Ch. Sab. Sch.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Fisk U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">36.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Huntington. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ivoryton. Mrs. J. E. Northrup, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jewett City. L. H. M. S., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
A. N. and I. Inst., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. "A Friend," 5; Mrs. Merriam,
5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. "Members First Cong. Ch."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meriden. First Cong. Ch., "I. H. N.,"
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Hartford. North Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.63</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Howard Av., Y. P. S. C. E.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Dwight Place Ch., Bbl. C.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norfolk. L. H. M. S., Box of C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
A. N. and I. Inst., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Stamford. Junior and Senior C. E.
Societies by Winifred Swinnerton. Sec</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.30</cell>
</row>

<pb n="180" /><anchor id="Pg180" />

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Y. P. S. C. E. of Second Cong.
  Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch., New Orleans,
  La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Broadway Sab. Sch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indl.
  Shop, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Sab. Sch., Second Cong. Ch.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Athens, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Miss M. T. Norton, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich. Ladies of Cong. Ch., by Mrs.
  E. R. Huntington</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norwich Town. "A Friend in First Ch."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Old Saybrook. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">41.46</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plainville. Cong. Ch., 32.33; "Friends," 15</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">47.33</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Plymouth. Mr. and Mrs. John M. Wardwell,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saybrook. Mrs. Geo. Dibble</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Scitico. Mrs. C. E. Stone, S. S. Papers,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Inst., Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sharon. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.85</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Somers. Sab. Sch. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sound Beach. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., Box
  Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Canaan. Y. P. S. C. E., by Miss
  Jennie D. Chase</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Coventry. Y. P. S. C. E., by Mrs.
  A. K. Avery, Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Glastonbury. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.36</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stamford. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong. Ch.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stonington. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Suffield. First Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss
  Helen V. Mason</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Terryville. Lois Gridley</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomaston. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.09</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tolland. Y. P. S. C. E., by W. A. Agard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Warren. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waterbury. "A Friend," 100; Second
  Cong. Ch., 63.94</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">163.94</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watertown. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., 12;
  Primary Dept. of Cong. Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Wilmington, N. C.</hi>, 8</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hartford. "Two Friends"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Westminster. Mrs. S. B. Carter</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Suffield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.06</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Torrington. Cong. Ch., L. M. S.,
  Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Wilmington, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Windham. Cong. Ch., and Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.37</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Winsted. David Strong, 30; "Other
  Friends," 7, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Student Aid,
  Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>---- "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Cong. Home Missionary Union
  of Conn., by Mrs. W. W. Jacobs, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Abington. R. F. A. Williams</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">0.80</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Danbury. Young Ladies'
      Mission Circle, West St.
      Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Enfield. Mrs. Horace Patten,
      by L. B. Soc., to const.
      <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Henry B. Patten</hi>
      L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Higganum. L. H. M. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">New Haven. United Ch.,
      L. A. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central
      Ch., New Orleans, La.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Norwich. Broadway Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">150.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Norwich. Park Ch., Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Norwich Town</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">17.83</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Plainville. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Stonington. Agreement
      Hill, H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Terryville. L. B. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Trumbull. W. H. M. Union</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Woodbury. First Ch. Aux.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 351.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$1,746.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center">ESTATES.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cornwall. Estate of Silas C. Beers, by
  John C. Calhoun, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2,000.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Norfolk. Estate of Mrs. Mary Langdon
  Porter, F. E. Porter, Ex.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,544.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Hartford. Estate Nancy S. Gaylord,
  Francis H. Parker, Executor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,800.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$7,090.13</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW YORK, $2,188.96.</head>

<row>
<cell>Albany. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">29.61</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Albany. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Skyland
  Inst. N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bridgewater. Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong.
  Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bronxville. "A Friend"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Church of the Pilgrims,
  860.63; South Cong. Ch., 145.95; Rochester
  Ave. Cong. Ch., 6.54</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,013.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Miss Ellen Thurston, 25; Miss
  Grace D. Davis, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Mrs. E. M. Hodge, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Clinton Ave., Young Ladies'
  Guild, Box C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Park Ch., 3 Bbls. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Big
  Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Evangel. Circle of King's
  Daughters, Box and Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda,
  N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Brooklyn. Plymouth Cong. Ch., Young
  Women's Guild, Bbl. Household Supplies,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lincoln Acad., King's Mountain,
  N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Berkshire. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid. Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Canaan Four Corners. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Canandaigua. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">58.18</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clear Creek. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clifton Springs. "Two Friends," 10;
  Two Members Cong. Ch., Epping, N. H., 10</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Honeoye. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kiantone.  Lewis H. Cheney</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.66</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lewis. "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lisle. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Bbl. C.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">Freight Paid, for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Little Falls. Loomis Burrill, 10; Miss A.
  Loomis, 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. N. and
  I. School, Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Little Valley. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. Rachel Chapman</hi> to
  const. herself, <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. Emily C. Woodruff,
  William Hall, Mrs. B. Weidman,
  De Hart Ames, Henry Helsh, Miss
  Emma Williams, Mrs. Ida Edmunds</hi> and
  <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Mrs. A. W. Roberts</hi> L. M's.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">350.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lynbrook. Junior C. E. Soc., 6.13; Y. P. S. C. E.,
  4, by Mrs. R. D. Jacques, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Student Aid, A. G. Sch., Moorhead,
  Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maine. Woman's Union of Cong. Ch.,
  Box of Bedding, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Middle Island. Mrs. Hannah M. Overton,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Morrisville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. "Willing Workers," Pkg.
  Flower Seeds, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lincoln Acad.,
  King's Mt., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Haven. Mrs. R. E. Johnson, Box of
  Sch. Apparatus, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Big Creek Gap,
  Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Bethany Sab. Sch., by W. R.
  Robinson, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Fort Berthold,
  Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Miss D. E. Emerson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. G.
  Sch., Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. Samuel B. Schiefellin, Case
  of Books, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New York. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Rev. John B. Devins</hi>,
  to const. himself L. M., 30; Puritan Ch.,
  14; Forest Av., Cong. Sab. Sch., 8.12</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">52.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Walton. Misses Lucy and Alice
  Weed, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Dorchester
  Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<pb n="181" /><anchor id="Pg181" />

<row>
<cell>Nunda. Mrs. Mary Cosnett, proceeds
  sale of a beautiful silk quilt made by her
  own hands for the Lord's work</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Olean. W. H. M. S., Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hillsboro,
  N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oxford. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Perry Center. Bbl. C., Freight, 1.96, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.96</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ph[oe]nix. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rochester. Miss Clara M. Janes</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.31</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saratoga. C. M. Blodgett, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saratoga. Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lincoln Acad.,
  Kings Mt., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sherburne. Mrs. C. S. Gorton, 4.50; Miss
  Carrie Gorton, 50c., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
  Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. E. W. Parmelee</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. C. A. Hamlin, Bbl. Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Beaufort, N. C.</hi>; Mrs. C. A. Hamlin,
  Pkg. Literature, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst., Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. "Pansy Circle, King's Daughters,"
  Pkg. S. S. Papers, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. G.
  Sch., Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Syracuse. Mrs. Spaulding, Box Papers
  and Books, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Big Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Walton. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">77.27</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Watertown. Cong. Ch. L. M. Soc., 2 Bbls.
  C. (including 5 doz. Napkins and 4
  Table Cloths), <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg
  Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wellsville. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>West Bloomfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">33.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodhaven. S. S. Class, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Saluda, N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodside. Y. P. S. C. E., by Fannie
  Jones, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Women's Home Missionary Union of
  N. Y. by Mrs. J. J. Pearsall, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Baiting Hollow. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Buffalo. First Ch., H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">New York. Broadway
      Tab. Ch. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
      Woman's Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Poughkeepsie. L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 103.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$2,138.96</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: center">ESTATE.</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jefferson. Estate of Susanna Ruliffson in
  memory of Betsey Hubbard, by Mrs. C.
  Nichols</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$2,188.96</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW JERSEY, $527.50.</head>

<row>
<cell>Belvidere. Ladies' Miss. Soc., Oxford
  Pres. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega
  C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Orange. First Cong. Ch., 54.07;
  Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., 12.43</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">66.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elizabeth. Mission Band First Cong.
  Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Share, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorstown. J. W. Walton, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newark. Bellville Ave. Cong. Ch., 140;
  C. S. Haines, 50</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">190.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Newark. Frank Blanchard, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Tillotson Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">12.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange. Mrs. Sarah Spottiswood</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Valley. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">66.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of the
  N. J. Assn., by Mrs. J. H. Denison,
  Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">150.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Montclair. W. H. M. S.,
      First Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
      Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ $170.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>PENNSYLVANIA, $86.90</head>

<row>
<cell>Germantown. E. I. H. Howell, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester
  Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Neath. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Philadelphia. Mrs. E. H. Farnum, 50;
  Mrs. Wm. H. Kimball, 5; E. F. Partridge,
  2; "A Friend," 1; Miss M. Elsy,
  1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Gloucester Sch., Cappahosic, Va.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">59.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Philadelphia. Mrs. M. V. Morris, 10;
  Mrs. A. E. Baker, 8, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
  Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">18.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OHIO, $642.67.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ashland. J. O. Jennings</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashtabula. L. J. Deming, to const.
  <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Lucius Deming</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Castalia. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">32.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chester Cross Roads. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cincinnati. Miss Pappenheimer, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Tillotson Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clarksfield. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Horace Ford, 15; T. M.
  Bates, 5, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo. Student Aid, Talladega
  C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Pilgrim Ch., Int. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Santee, Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Mrs. C. A. Garlick, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Warner Inst., Jonesboro, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cleveland. Miss Cora Bean, Box of
  Domestic Goods, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Albany, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Coolville. Miss Margaret B. Bartlett</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cortland. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>East Liverpool. Rev. H. D. Kitchel</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">50.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fredericksburg. Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Geneva. "W. A."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hudson. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jewell. T. B. Goddard</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">100.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Medina. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., 13.30;
  Junior Endeavor Soc., 1, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mountain
  Work</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Amherst. Y. P. S. C. E., 6.75;
  Junior Y. P. S. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi>, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Second Cong. Ch., 46.40; Sab.
  Sch. First Ch., 15</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">61.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Mrs. Geo. Clark and "Friends,"
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oberlin. Mary Williams, Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Albany, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Parkman. S. R. Dole, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Ballard Sch.,
  Macon, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rootstown. Lloyd Hinman</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Mrs. B. W. Allen</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Toledo. Central Ch., W. M. U., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Standing Rock, Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wellington. Y. P. S. C. E., by F. W.
  Andrus, Sec.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wooster. Lizzie D. Mullins, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Teacher,
  Thunderhawk M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>INDIANA, $1.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Butler. Mrs. Ida E. Hose</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ILLINOIS, $618.87.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alton. Mrs. I. D. Gillman, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Anna. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Aurora. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Bowmanville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Champaign. Jr. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chandlerville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">52.57</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. First Cong. Ch., 150.73; South
  Ch., W. H. M. U., 39.80</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">190.53</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. Lincoln Park Cong. S. S., Mrs.
  Boyce, Class No. 8, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for New Hall, Tillotson
  Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. Mrs. Harriet Blake, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. ----, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Chicago. Cong. Ch., Jr. C. E., Box Books
  and Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad.,
  Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cobden. Sab. Sch., Birthday Box, 1.25;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 75c</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Elmwood. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Evanston. Mrs. J. H. Hurlbut</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>


<pb n="182" /><anchor id="Pg182" />

<row>
<cell>Geneseo. Mrs. P. Huntington, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hamilton. Chas. Grubb</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hinsdale. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Theo. Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>La Grange. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Malta. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marshall. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Morris. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>North Aurora. Sab. Sch. by Nellie
  Schneider</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Oak Park. Mrs. E. J. Humphrey</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peoria. Plymouth Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Polo. Emma R. Parsons</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rio. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.02</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saint Charles. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Seward. Second Cong. Ch., 7.60; Sab.
  Sch., by Robert H. Wright Treas., 2.40</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Shabbona. "A Christian Endeavorer,"
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Almeda Gardner Sch., Moorhead,
  Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sterling. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thawville. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tolono. Mrs. L. Haskell, 10; and <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Valdese M.</hi>, 1</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tonica. C. E. Soc. of Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Illinois Woman's Home Missionary
  Union, Mrs. L. A. Field, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Chicago. New England W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Jacksonville. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">21.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Moline. First W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Ottawa. Jr. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">7.34</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Pecatonica. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Poplar Grove. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Rockford. First Cong. Ch., W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 91.39</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MICHIGAN, $272.11.</head>

<row>
<cell>Ann Arbor. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">56.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Calumet. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Calumet. Sab. Sch., Cong. Ch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Theo.
  Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Churches Corners. J. F. Douglass, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Student Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Corinth. ------</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.42</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Detroit. First Cong. Ch., Young Ladies'
  Union, 12; Y. P. S. C. E., 12, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Santee Indian Sch.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">24.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Dorr. Cong. Ch., 14.31, and Sab. Sch. 2.03</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.34</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Maple City, Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Olivet. Cong. Ch., Ladies' Benev. Soc.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Olivet. Cong. Ch., Three S. S. Classes,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Lexington, Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>South Haven. Clark Pierce</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of
  Michigan, by Mrs. E. F. Grabill, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Armada. L. A. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Benton Harbor. Y. P. S. C. E.,
      <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. G.
      Sch., Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Benzonia. Y. P. S. C. E.,
      <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Santee,
      Neb., Pleasant Hill,
      Tenn., and Moorhead,
      Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Detroit. First. Ch., Woman's Ass'n.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Detroit. First Ch., Jun.
      Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. G.
      Sch., Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Grand Rapids. Park Ch., W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Greenville. Y. L. M. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
      Student Aid, Pleasant
      Hill, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Harrison. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Hopkins Station. Helping
      Hand M. B., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
      Aid, A. G. Sch., Moorhead,
      Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Metamora. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Three Oaks. W. H. M. S.,
      <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, A. G.
      Sch., Moorhead, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">South Lake Linden. Woman's
      Ass'n, 10, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
      Aid, Pleasant Hill,
      Tenn.</hi> and 10 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Indian
      Student Aid, Santee, Neb.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">20.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 83.75</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>IOWA, $281.70.</head>

<row>
<cell>Alden. Mrs. L. R. Fitch, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Work in
  South Carolina</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Burlington. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">57.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Clay. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.52</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Davenport. Edwards Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">58.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Des Moines. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fairfield. Cong. Y. P. S. C. E.,
<hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Genoa Bluff. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.06</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grandview. Cong. Ch., Ladies' M. Soc.,
  Bbl. C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Williamsburg Acad., Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Granger. Junior C. E. Soc., by Mrs. C. M.
  Gammon, Carpet for Chapel Platform;
  Prairie Hill Cong. Sab. Sch., Pkg.
  Papers, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst., Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kelly. Sab. Sch., Infant Class, by Miss
  L. B. Gossard, 5 Pkgs. Literature and 4
  yds. Toweling, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Beach Inst., Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Keokuk. Miss Rebecca H. Wilson</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sioux City. Mary and Sadie West, Sub.
  for Harper's Young People, 1895, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Beach Inst., Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sloan. Mrs. R. F. Gallaher, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for McIntosh,
  Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waucoma. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Waterloo. Miss Lucy O. Leavitt, 10, and
  Box of C., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega
  C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Iowa Woman's Home Missionary Union,
  Miss Belle L. Bentley, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Alden. Jr. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Anita. Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Cedar Rapids. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Central City. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Eldora. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Magnolia. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Newburg. Mrs. James
      Newcomer</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">0.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Ottumwa. Jr. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Red Oak. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Shenandoah. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Waterloo. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">11.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Waucoma. W. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Iowa W. H. M. Union, Undesignated Funds</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 105.87</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WISCONSIN, $222.14.</head>

<row>
<cell>Appleton. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.44</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fulton. Cong. Ch., 3.17; Indian Ford
  Station, 54c</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.71</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lake Geneva. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.94</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Janesville. Miss S. A. Watson, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Chandler Sch., Lexington,
  Ky.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kenosha. Thomas Gillespie, M. D.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Menasha. Cong. C. E. Soc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E.
  Hall, McIntosh, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milwaukee. Grand Av., ad'l</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Milwaukee. Miss Lucy S. Toplin, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Richmond. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.61</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>River Falls. Cong. Ch., to const. <hi rend="font-variant: small-caps">Miss
  Eunice Pratt</hi> L. M.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">31.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Springvale. Sab. Sch. Cong. Ch., Box
  Books, etc., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Nat, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sturgeon Bay. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
  Aid, Gregory Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tomah. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.80</cell>
</row>

<pb n="183" /><anchor id="Pg183" />

<row>
<cell>Union Grove. Cong. Ch., 33.41, C. E.
  Soc. of Cong. Ch., 4.40</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Viroque. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.13</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wisconsin Woman's Home Missionary Union,
  Mrs. C. M. Blackman, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Arena. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Emerald Grove. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Kenosha. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Madison. W. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">18.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Wauwatosa</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">7.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 41.10</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MINNESOTA, $88.23.</head>

<row>
<cell>Fairmont. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.21</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hasty. Cong. Sab. Sch., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid</hi>, <hi rend="font-style: italic">Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Litchfield. Mrs. M. Weeks, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Lyndale Cong, Ch., 12.50;
  W. H. Norris, 12; "Rodelmer," 5.98</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Minneapolis. Y. P. S. C. E. of Plym. Ch.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Hospital, Fort Yates, N. D.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>St. Paul. Pacific Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>St. Paul. Rev. H. H. Hart, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Burrell Sch.,
  Selma, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Stillwater. Grace Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.32</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Zumbrota. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.70</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>KANSAS, $22.25.</head>

<row>
<cell>Kansas City. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.25</cell>
</row>


<row>
<cell>Topeka. Primary S. S. First Cong. Ch.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Meridian, Miss.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wabaunsee. First Ch. of Christ</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSOURI, $152.71.</head>

<row>
<cell>De Soto. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Peirce City. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>St. Louis. Reber Place Cong. Ch., 6;
  Hope Cong. Ch., 5.27</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.27</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Webster Groves. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Womans' Home Missionary Union of Mo.,
  by Mrs. K. L. Mills, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Sedalia. First Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.68</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Meadville. Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">St. Louis. Memorial Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Neosha. Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Lebanon. Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Nichols. Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Springfield. First Cong. Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">St. Louis. Pilgrim Ch., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">12.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Kansas City. So. West Tab., Y. P. S. C. E.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">St. Louis. Olive Branch Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">4.26</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Hannibal. Hannibal Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">St Louis. Pilgrim, L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Bonne. Terre Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">St. Louis. Union Cong. Ch., L. H. M. S.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">25.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 120.19</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ARKANSAS, $1.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Helena. Miss E. M. Thomason</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEBRASKA, $268.96</head>

<row>
<cell>Arborville. Cong. Ch., 1.25;
  Y. P. S. C. E., 2.50;
  King's Daughters, 1.25, by F. N.
  Recknor, Ch. Treas.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Ashland. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blair. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cook. F. E. Craig</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fremont. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hastings. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nebraska City Woman's Miss. Soc.,
  by Mrs. E. W. Clark, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Santee Agency. Pilgrim Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wallace. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.46</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH DAKOTA, $8.26.</head>

<row>
<cell>Fort Yates. Standing Rock Chapel, Coll. 2.60;
  Cannon Ball Chapel, 3.60, by Rev. Geo. W. Reed</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jamestown. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.06</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SOUTH DAKOTA, $32.38.</head>

<row>
<cell>Aurora. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.12</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Holabird. Mrs J. S. Harris</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pierre. First Cong. Ch., 18.58;
  Sab. Sch., 5.63, and C. E., 1.55</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">25.76</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>COLORADO, $53.70.</head>

<row>
<cell>Boulder. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Fruita. L. U. S., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. N. and I. Sch.,
  Thomasville, Ga.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand Junction. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greeley. Park Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.15</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lafayette. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Womans' Home Missionary Union of Colo.
  by Mrs. Horace Sanderson, Treas.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">W. M. H. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">15.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CALIFORNIA, $20.25.</head>

<row>
<cell>Campbell. Primary Class Cong. S. S.,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Redlands. Mrs. M. W. Gaylord, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Standing Rock Indian M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sutter Co. "E."</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodland. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.25</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>OREGON, $16.90.</head>

<row>
<cell>Portland. Cong. Ch. Y. P. S. C. E., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
  Burrell Sch., Selma, Ala.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Salem. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Willsburg. Cong. Ch. Jun. C. E. Soc.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>WASHINGTON, $8.01.</head>

<row>
<cell>Fidalgo City. Rev. Horace J. Taylor</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Skokomish. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, $28.76.</head>

<row>
<cell>Washington. "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Central Ch.,
  New Orleans, La.</hi>, 2;
  Plymouth Cong. Ch., 6.76;
  "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Alaska M.</hi>, 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">28.76</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>KENTUCKY, $10.55.</head>

<row>
<cell>Combs. Con. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Red Ash. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Rev. H. B. Fry</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg. Rev. Geo. Ames, 2 Chairs,
  <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Big Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TENNESSEE, $69.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Big Creek Gap. Cong. Ch., 9;
  "A Friend," 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis. "Friends"</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville. Union Ch., 25;
  Rev. H. S. Bennett, 10;
  Rev. C. W. Dunn, 5</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">40.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NORTH CAROLINA, $9.55.</head>

<row>
<cell>Raleigh. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Strieby. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Valle Cruces. Rev. M. Jones, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
  Skyland Inst., N. C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<pb n="184" /><anchor id="Pg184" />

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>GEORGIA, $25.56.</head>

<row>
<cell>Atlanta.  First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Byron.  Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Cypress Slash.  Cong. Ch., 1.80; Rev. J. A.
Jones, 1.20</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh.  Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh.  Miss Nellie I. Reed, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Dorchester Acad.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Rutland.  Cong. Ch. and Sab. Sch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomasville.  Bethany Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodville.  Rev. J. H. H. Sengstacke,
75c.; Rev. J. Loyd, 45c.; Pilgrim Ch.,
45c.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.65</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ALABAMA, $66.45.</head>

<row>
<cell>Marion. Cong. Ch., 16.09; Miss. Prayer
Meeting, 9.91; Infant Class, Cong. Ch.
Sab. Sch. <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Rosebud Indian M.</hi>, 1.35</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">27.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Mobile. First Cong. Ch., 6.50, and Sab.
Sch., 2</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">8.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Sylacauga. First Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tuskegee. Rev. E. J. Penney, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student
Aid, Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">14.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Alabama Woman's Missionary Union, by
Mrs. E. C. Silsby, Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woman's
Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">State Fees</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">6.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Marion. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">3.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Montgomery. W. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: left">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 15.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>LOUISIANA, $19.21.</head>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans.  Mrs. Anna Harris, 5;
Rev. Geo. W. Henderson, 3; Y. P. S. C. E.,
of Straight U., 3.63</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">11.63</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans.  Morris Brown Junior S.
C. E., 1.08, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for C. E. Hall, McIntosh,
Ga.</hi>, and 1 <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">2.08</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Schriever.  Louisiana State Assn.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.50</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>MISSISSIPPI, $39.00.</head>


<row>
<cell>Moorhead. Miss E. L. Parsons, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for A. G.
Sch., Moorhead</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo.  Miss C. E. Parkhurst, 6;
Frank H. Ball, 3, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Tougaloo U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">9.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TEXAS, $5.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Austin.  "Tradesmen of Austin," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for
Blacksmith Shop, Tillotson Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>NEW MEXICO, $4.40.</head>

<row>
<cell>White Oaks. Plym. Cong. Ch.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woman's Home Missionary Union of
New Mexico, Miss Helen Whedon Bullock,
Treas., <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Women's Work</hi>:</cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Albuquerque. W. H. M. U.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.40</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>------, $23.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>---- "Ellen B. Stanley, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Teacher's
Library, Straight U.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>---- "A Friend," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Knoxville, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>---- "Friends," <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Student Aid,
Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">3.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>---- Communion Set, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Ch., Big
Creek Gap, Tenn.</hi></cell>
<cell></cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>ENGLAND, $200.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>London.  Mrs. A. Allen, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Woodworking
Dept., Le Moyne Inst.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">200.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>CHINA, $5.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Taiku-Shansi. Miss M. L. Partridge</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$12,407.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7,094.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">--------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$19,501.40</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>INCOME, $1,635.00.</head>

<row>
<cell>Avery Fund, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Mendi M.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">135.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Income, <hi rend="font-style: italic">for Talladega C.</hi></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1,500.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">-------- 1,635.00</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>TUITION, $4,264.25.</head>

<row>
<cell>Cappahosic, Va.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Evarts, Ky.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">23.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Lexington, Ky.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">87.90</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Williamsburg Acad., Ky. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">76.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Big Creek Gap, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">21.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Grand View, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">24.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jonesboro, Tenn.  Public Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">150.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Jonesboro, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.70</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Knoxville, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">26.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Memphis, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">488.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nashville, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">456.35</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Pleasant Hill, Tenn.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">60.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Beaufort, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">63.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Blowing Rock, N. C. Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">15.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Carters Mills, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">10.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Hillsboro, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">30.30</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Kings Mountain, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">32.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McLeansville, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">1.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McLeansville, N. C.  Public Fund</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">29.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nalls, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Saluda, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">58.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Troy, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Whittier, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">13.03</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Wilmington, N. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">182.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Charleston, S. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">303.45</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Greenwood, S. C.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">80.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Albany, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">129.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Andersonville, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">17.48</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Atlanta, Ga.  Storrs Sch., Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">139.07</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>McIntosh, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">69.96</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Macon, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">208.91</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marietta, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">5.05</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Savannah, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">194.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Thomasville, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">59.55</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Woodville, Ga.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">4.10</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Athens, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">42.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Florence, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">7.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Marion, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">37.40</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Nat, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">48.50</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Selma, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">94.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Talladega, Ala.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">133.20</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Orange Park, Fla.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">78.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Meridian, Miss.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">75.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Moorhead, Miss.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">16.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tougaloo, Miss.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">93.75</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>New Orleans, La.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">451.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Austin, Tex.  Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">96.60</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------ 4,264.25</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell rend="text-align: right">Total for March</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$25,400.65</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>SUMMARY.</head>

<row>
<cell>Donations</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$87,197.01</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Estates</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">43,225.81</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>


<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$130,422.82</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Income</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">6,005.00</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Tuition</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">22,594.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">---------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Total from Oct. 1 to March 31.</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$159,022.77</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">===========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{5cm} l'">
<head>FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY.</head>

<row>
<cell>Subscriptions for March</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$60.74</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Previously acknowledged</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">358.95</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">------</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell>Total</cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">$419.69</cell>
</row>

<row>
<cell></cell>
<cell rend="text-align: right">========</cell>
</row>
</table>

<p>H. W. HUBBARD, Treas.,<lb />
Bible House, N. Y.</p>

</div>
</div>

</body>

<back rend="page-break-before: right">
<div>
<pgIf output="pdf">
  <then>
      <div>
        <divGen type="footnotes" />
      </div>
  </then>
  <else>
      <div>
        <head>Footnotes</head>
        <divGen type="footnotes" />
      </div>
  </else>
</pgIf>
</div>

<div rend="page-break-before: right">
<divGen type="pgfooter" />
</div>

</back>

    </text>
</TEI.2>

<!--
A WORD FROM PROJECT GUTENBERG


This file should be named 19903-tei.txt or 19903-tei.zip.

This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:


    http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/1/9/9/0/19903/


Updated editions will replace the previous one — the old editions will be
renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one
owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and
you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission
and without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth in the
General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the Project
Gutenberg™ concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered
trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you
receive specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of
this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given away
— you may do practically _anything_ with public domain eBooks.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.


THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE


_Please read this before you distribute or use this work._

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or
any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”),
you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™
License (available with this file or online at
http://www.gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.


General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works


1.A.


By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work,
you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the
terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright)
agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this
agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee
for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work
and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may
obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set
forth in paragraph 1.E.8.


1.B.


“Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be used on or
associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be
bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few things that you can
do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying
with the full terms of this agreement. See paragraph 1.C below. There are
a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you
follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.


1.C.


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or
PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States. If an individual
work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in
the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying,
distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on
the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of
course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of
promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project
Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for
keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can
easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you
share it without charge with others.

This particular work is one of the few copyrighted individual works
included with the permission of the copyright holder. Information on the
copyright owner for this particular work and the terms of use imposed by
the copyright holder on this work are set forth at the beginning of this
work.


1.D.


The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you
can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant
state of change. If you are outside the United States, check the laws of
your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before
downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating
derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of
any work in any country outside the United States.


1.E.


Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:


1.E.1.


The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access
to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever
any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase
“Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg”
is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or
distributed:


    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
    almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away
    or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License
    included with this eBook or online at http://www.gutenberg.org


1.E.2.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from the
public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with
permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and
distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or
charges. If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you
must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7
or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.3.


If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the
permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply
with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed
by the copyright holder. Additional terms will be linked to the Project
Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the
copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.


1.E.4.


Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License
terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any
other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.


1.E.5.


Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic
work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying
the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate
access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.


1.E.6.


You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed,
marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word
processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than
“Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official version posted
on the official Project Gutenberg™ web site (http://www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other form.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as
specified in paragraph 1.E.1.


1.E.7.


Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing,
copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply
with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.


1.E.8.


You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or
distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that

    - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
      the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you
      already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed to
      the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has agreed to
      donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid within 60
      days following each date on which you prepare (or are legally
      required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty payments
      should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project Gutenberg
      Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in Section 4,
      “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
      Archive Foundation.”

    - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™ License.
      You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the
      works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and
      all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™ works.

    - You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
      any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
      receipt of the work.

    - You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
      distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.


1.E.9.


If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic
work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this
agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the
Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in
Section 3 below.


1.F.


1.F.1.


Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to
identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain
works in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these
efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they
may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to,
incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk
or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot
be read by your equipment.


1.F.2.


LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES — Except for the “Right of
Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™
trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™
electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for
damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE
NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH
OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3. YOU AGREE THAT THE
FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.


1.F.3.


LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND — If you discover a defect in this
electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund
of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to
the person you received the work from. If you received the work on a
physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect
to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund. If you received the
work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose
to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in
lieu of a refund. If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a
refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.


1.F.4.


Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in
paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ’AS-IS,’ WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.


1.F.5.


Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages. If any disclaimer or
limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state
applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make
the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state
law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement
shall not void the remaining provisions.


1.F.6.


INDEMNITY — You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark
owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of
Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and
any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs
and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from
any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of
this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect
you cause.


Section  2.


           Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™


Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic
works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including
obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It exists because of the
efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks
of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance
they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring
that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for
generations to come. In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for
Project Gutenberg™ and future generations. To learn more about the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations
can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at
http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.


   Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation


The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of
Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/pglaf. Contributions to the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full
extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr.
S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations. Its business office is located at 809 North
1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org. Email contact links and up to date contact information
can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official page at
http://www.pglaf.org

For additional contact information:


    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.


  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
                                Foundation


Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the
number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment
including outdated equipment. Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are
particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable
effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these
requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not
received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND DONATIONS or
determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit
http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have
not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against
accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us
with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any
statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the
United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods
and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including
checks, online payments and credit card donations. To donate, please
visit: http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate


Section 5.


      General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.


Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg™
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with
anyone. For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™
eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions,
all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright
notice is included. Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance
with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook’s eBook
number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed
(zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected _editions_ of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the
old filename and etext number. The replaced older file is renamed.
_Versions_ based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:


    http://www.gutenberg.org


This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how
to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation,
how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email
newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
-->
